Update Controller Admin guide for UI changes (#1427)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-controller-node-types.adoc

* Hybrid nodes
* Execution nodes
* Hop nodes

However, for an operator-based environment, there are no hybrid or control nodes. 
There are container groups, which make up containers running on the Kubernetes cluster. 
That comprises the control plane. 

> That control plane is local to the kubernetes cluster in which Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform is deployed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That control plane is local to the Kubernetes cluster in which {PlatformName} is deployed. 
```
The Kubernetes docs say that Kubernetes should always be capitalised.
